#### What is BFS?
--> BFS means, Breadth First Search
--> It is implemented using Queue. The reason is: since Queue data structure is used, 
    when you are travelling from root node to leaf nodes of the tree, work is done during 
    the time of travel itself.
    Where as in case of DFS, the work is stored in Stack & executed when the base case gets hit.
    Because of this, the exploration happens in single path so deeply until you reach the end(Base case).
--> Because of this Queue data structure, for example, when we start at the root node, the work 
    is done at root node, then the left node & right node gets pushed into Queue.
    Since left node pushed first --> Work is done at left node & then it's left node & right node gets pushed into Queue.
    Since right node pushed second --> Work is done at right node & then it's left node & right node gets pushed into Queue.    
    So, the exploration will be like root node --> it's left node --> it's right node.
# Ways of implementing bfs algorithm
- It can be implemented only in Iterative approach(By using Queue). 
  The reason is, to implement  BFS, we need Queue, where as Recursion is implemented by Stack.

# Queue data structure
- In Queue data structure, data is added from right side & popped from left side - hence, FIFO
- Think of Queue as waiting in the line of grocery store.
- To add the data: append()
- To pop the data: popleft()

# Time & Space complexity for Iterative approach
n = number of nodes
Time: O(n)
Space: O(n)